CIRC-8514 - IRONdb 0.23.0 Release Notes (#375)
circonus/docs: content/irondb/release-notes.md

# Release Notes

## Changes in 0.23.0

2022-06-08

>  **IMPORTANT: Changes to the surrogate database reconstitute process make
>    reconstitute incompatible with earlier versions. All nodes in the irondb
>    cluster must be updated to version 0.23.0 before reconstitute can be run
>    once one node has been updated to version 0.23.0**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 **IMPORTANT: Changes to the surrogate database reconstitute process make
   reconstitute incompatible with earlier versions. Once at least one node has been
   updated to version 0.23.0, reconstitute operations will not succeed until all
   nodes have been updated to version 0.23.0.**
```
